Update android documentation (#2507)
o3de/o3de.org: content/docs/user-guide/platforms/android/_index.md

}
```

You must pass in the `--platforms=android` argument when launching the Asset Processor Batch. Refer to step 3 in [Generating Android Projects on Windows](/docs/user-guide/platforms/android/generating_android_project_windows/#steps).

After you've processed the assets for Android, you can proceed to generate the Android project.

## Legacy Android Project Generation Script

> The original android generation script can still be found at `<engine-root>/cmake/Tools/Platform/Android/generate_android_project.py`, but only supports the Android Gradle Plugn version 4.x.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The original Android generation script can still be found at `<engine-root>/cmake/Tools/Platform/Android/generate_android_project.py`, but it only supports Android Gradle Plugin version 4.x.
```
